hello there mere host Ian Rojas and I
have a glass bottle that I cut and I'm
actually I have it filled with a
solution of vinegar and salt and I was
doing a little bit of electrolysis on a
penny for a simple experiment that I'm
gonna be showing a video of soon and
what I'm gonna do is show you something
this is a regular penny these pennies
are later newer pennies they're mostly
zinc with the thin copper coating on the
outside this is a new one this hasn't
had any exposure I'm gonna stick this in
the solution of salt and vinegar that's
been exposed to the electrolysis process
I'm gonna keep it there there is no
current hook to this at all absolutely
none this is just the penny all by
itself in there and you can see that
pretty much nothing happens actually
nothing happens at all
now this is the other penny no current
attached and I'm gonna stick this in
there and watch what happens
it looks like there's a current hook to
it when there's not what I want you guys
to do this is a little test for a
science experiment I want you guys to
post in the comment section below why
you think that happens and what is going
on there I'm your host Dan Rojas thank
you for watching and enjoy our videos
by the way here's a hint to what's going
on the lead on the bottom the one with
the rust on it is one that has not been
set in there with no current in with the
penny the lead on the top this one right
here was set in that solution just with
the penny all by itself for one minute
you